Gwenevere Abriel: Jay Williams psycho social
Think his first name is something else, maybe
It's Jay
Gwenevere Abriel: Jay, I'll be right with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably put me put me on a n table desk someplace that's set and not in motion.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can take your time, got a couple minutes here while I open up a document.
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't want to be moving around.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then just turn it down just to touch so I can see you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's good. Alright, so, Jay. What's your first name for real.
Justin.
Gwenevere Abriel: Connie. Jay, and now I'm like, what the heck's his real name. Okay.
Jeff.
Justin. Justin. Justin.
Gwenevere Abriel: You Williams Justin Allen.
Jay: Yes. Okay. Beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you for checking in on time. That's, that's great. We need every little minute here.
Jay: Yes, ma'am.
Huh.
This is our first
First. First. First. This is
Okay, we go into
Just do recently.
Grab something somewhere else in bringing in here.
Well, I'll think I'll just go, I'll go from my memory. I'll do the best I can.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good morning. So today is really fast and give me a chance to have a better first impression. Today it's just lots and lots of questions, much like what you did, probably with with a physician.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's really no time to process thoughts, feelings, stories, but it may still elicit some negative feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so will probably want to use some deep breathing. Some compartmentalization and we're just, you know, have to feel into those responses. We just want to answer them so that I have a quick snapshot and then we'll move on. And then later on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice and easy and no rush. Okay, so today is really about gathering the bio psychosocial information from your history, but just at least so that you know who you're talking to, and who your therapist is I want to at least introduce myself a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: I believe Dr. Solomon is the one who did your health and physical, is that right
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then working with him for a few months, we have pretty good alignment in our, in our sort of philosophy about the medicated assisted therapy. Sometimes we depart here and there, but most of the time we're right on same page.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm very transparent when it comes to kind of like what we're doing. If I'm going to do a technique or I'm gonna do something. If you want to know the physiology behind it. The theory behind it. I'll spend time doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you won't learn much about me this therapy is for you. So the little bit. I'm going to tell you now is kind of the deal because volley got 60 minutes. And believe it or not, it'll go by like that so
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a licensed marriage and family therapist by that's the formal training here in Florida and have had my license for over 20 years
Gwenevere Abriel: And certified trauma specialist and electronic. I don't even know it's it's such a silly one. But it's for doing the telemedicine. I decided to get certified in that too.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I've always been fascinated by addiction. And so I've always ended up working enough people and I just love the population. I love it. In a sense, it's, it's so individualized
Gwenevere Abriel: There's really no single answer. The science is getting closer and closer and closer to having
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of this neurobiological understanding and thank goodness, I have even more information scientific information to offer about addictive behaviors about the chemical dependence, so that's exciting.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do use my phone for you saw for confirming appointments. It's also I want you guys to know you have access to me. If you want a bit
Gwenevere Abriel: If you want to like I'm having a shit Day of Giving cravings and I want to know. It's just that me sending stuff back is going to feel cold.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I won't do therapy via text. It's too risky but you will see me say something like this. When's the next time we can meet
Gwenevere Abriel: In zoom. So I'll make myself available or you'll, you'll hear you know if you're suicidal, let's make sure we get you to to emergency department. Let's use a safety planning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's call a friend. Let's just exercise. Take a shower clean your room, whatever we gotta do to get past, even those first 60 seconds and then okay we're past those initial cravings. But I want you to know you have access to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: It just means you may have this long message and I'll be like, when can we meet
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not meant to be cold hearted. It's just that I'm an independent contractor I earn my living here when you don't show up. I don't pay my bills.
Gwenevere Abriel: So really important you keep your commitment and I very rarely don't keep mine, but I'm healing. Sometimes I do get sick. And it's, it has been a couple years, but it does happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is eastern standard time over here anytime I ever say a time like seven in the morning I'll talk in your terms. You don't have to think about it. I'm pretty good at it. But if it ever sounds weird, just let me know.
Gwenevere Abriel: What else everything we say in here stays in here. So let's say something comes up for you. And you're thinking, geez, I don't really want this shared in group I don't bring what sharing group into I mean in individual therapy into group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have the most it might ever sound is I might say, you know, how we talked to Jay about you're wanting to talk about something in group to remember. And do you feel like talking about that and you'll be like now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll be like, cool. And are you been like. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, confidentiality is really, really, really important to me because
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a lot of stigma still around. Chemical dependence and I want people to feel like they can lay lay out just the the raw stuff that disgusting, the embarrassing humiliating the shame activating all of it in here and know that ain't going anywhere. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So without further ado, I, I'm going to be focusing on the progressive development of the opioid dependence.
Gwenevere Abriel: When was your first use of an opioid what's context broken ankle and then I fell in love with it. Like what happened.
Jay: Well, I have my wisdom people now whenever I was a
Jay: Okay, and I was
Jay: I was given oxy code on, then I think I was given was supposed to be 10 and they gave me a bottle of, I think, with 110
Jay: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And no no no okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: You used it and how did it make you feel
Jay: Kinda like
Jay: Shielded. I don't know if
Jay: It would put like a blanket of comfort over. You know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, got it.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to put over me, since it's not me, but I'll put felt like a shield a blanket of comfort over me, because we're not talking about whenever we're talking about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, beautiful got that initial use. And so I'm going to give you an example. This is not you, this is, this is an example what progression is going to be like, because it's going to be like this for all the substances that you've used
Gwenevere Abriel: Age of first use the progression how bad it got its worst, most recent use. So walk me through big pieces of this for some people it's this then I didn't use again till I was 23 did HEROIN FOR SIX MONTHS got arrested.
Gwenevere Abriel: Last use was yesterday. That's, that's a snapshot. So kind of break me down the progression from 16 to now.
Jay: Well, I really been messed with heroin peels idea a little bit
Jay: My big thing was math for a long time.
Jay: Whenever I got out of prison. I GOT OUT ON PAROLE last year. And while I was in prison.
Jay: I had done here. When quite a bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's, let's, I want to make sure that this, this has some timeline to it. So listen, listen closely to this. Here we go. A different use of an opioid acting
Gwenevere Abriel: You're on one. Now you're on a long acting one. So there's still an opioid so you're on this first one age 16 the progression. So here we're at 16 I run out of the hundred and 10 what happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are you just dropped it. And what started us a mess and maybe marijuana or something we didn't use it after that, no. Oh, right. So now pop to in prison, what, how old were you when you were in prison and you started using heroin. How old are you,
Jay: Oh 24 okay
Gwenevere Abriel: How long were you in custody.
By yours.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh good golly, I'm so sorry.
Jay: Just a baby, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. You're not alone, Sonny y'all in this program. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not alone. Okay so age 24
Gwenevere Abriel: Years in prison and how
Gwenevere Abriel: Hope. Somebody said nine room neck rotate
Gwenevere Abriel: How long have that were you using heroin.
Jay: I'd say probably six years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those latter six years or the
Jay: Other the last six years. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it always IV sometimes snorting or okay
Jay: Sometimes it will slowly. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, you got that, that, that the FDA and at its most how many
Gwenevere Abriel: Grams, were you doing
Jay: Probably gram a day.
Jay: That's how it was out here anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much was there in prison.
Jay: Policy about Gram a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay. A week in prison. Okay. And then nice and slow. Here we go. Because I like to see how the progression. So we're a gram a week in prison, you get out of prison, what month, one year.
Jay: Oh,
Jay: I want to say it was
Jay: April 2017
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not checking on anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay 2017 and then how did the heroin use progressed from there.
Jay: Are you know what it was December of 2018 December 2018 got it and
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you get out, then what happens regarding truthers
Jay: Well, I get out. I get sick and I'm real I got the body aches vomiting.
Jay: Feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Upset, got it.
Jay: How
Gwenevere Abriel: Long did you wait before you did something else.
Three days.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's awful. I know. Okay, so waited waited three days. Then what you do.
Jay: When score some heroin. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then is that when it progressed to daily
Jay: Yeah okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: Then daily since December sometime 18 2018 18
Jay: Yeah.
Okay, yeah.
Jay: Well, I will. I went back because of the I was given dirty us so they sent me back to prison to kill my parole.
Jay: So I went right back. So we're doing here. When in there again. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you're tested dirty. Okay, and went back
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so this section. I'm not getting too detailed into the prison history part really wanting to know the substance use. So when was your last use of
Gwenevere Abriel: Shorter short acting opiate that includes heroin last year's
Jay: Oh,
Jay: Trying to think of the day I joined this program.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, couple weeks ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I thought something about the seventh of February, seventh, maybe or something, I don't know. LAST YOU SO SHORT ACTING was a day before you came in the program day of
Jay: Three. Well, no, because I came to the program. And he said to give it three days until I started the medication.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, three days before certain program. That's right. That's really, really, really good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and in lifetime any overdose. Accidental or intentional.
Jay: Yes, I, I tried to OD myself twice last year.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who helped you who rescued you
Jay: It was just me.
Jay: You woke up. Yeah.
Jay: almost total of my Jeep.
Gwenevere Abriel: One of them was when it goes out in the community.
Jay: It was in my vehicle.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, out of custody.
Jay: Yes, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Woke up on
Gwenevere Abriel: And and you said, both of them were intentional.
Jay: One time I ended up in the hospital. Whenever almost wrecked my Jeep.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're both intentional yes or no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, wanted to die.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Company by suicidal ideation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Intent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm going to be visiting that topic and another section in the psychiatric section. Okay, that's pretty important one for me to know
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you been at, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Any accidental overdoses know
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, now this one. Unfortunately, I'm going to be relying on my my memory here and I like my list better but
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not bad at it. But if there's a substance that I don't say, just for my me, I might get all about Ben's or something. So have you ever accidentally or intentionally experimented with fentanyl
Jay: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it is being transcribed. So you're gonna hear me to kind of talk weird client denies lifetime use of fentanyl any lifetime use experimental or otherwise of
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's start with the stuff that most people start with when they're younger. Let's do cigarettes tobacco.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, wage.
Jay: 13
Gwenevere Abriel: And the progression from their
Jay: full fledged smoker.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry, that's cute when I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: A much is full fledged like how much we smoke and have that much full fledge
Jay: I went from a cigarette, a day to a pack a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: How long have you been doing today.
Jay: Probably 20 years
Gwenevere Abriel: Back a day for 20 years and currently that amount.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay, is your first use of THC marijuana and progression in last year's
Jay: 16 and I started heavy with the marijuana
Gwenevere Abriel: How much are you using three balls, a day, every day, give me an amount in frequency
Jay: Oh, we're smoking. But now, today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Every day.
Jay: Every day. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's worse. That was it. Or there were times when there's more
Jay: No, that was at its worst
Jay: Last use
Jay: Hmm yesterday.
Jay: Hmm, much
Jay: Join join the day
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and Asia first use of alcohol.
Jay: Oh 13
Gwenevere Abriel: And progression from there every weekend. Every day of about kind of get break me off. How many drinks.
Jay: It started at like every weekend.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to pass out to intoxication.
Jay: How much are you drinking, ball, ball to pass out we can use to
Gwenevere Abriel: Ever get to the point where you were drinking daily
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. What time period of your life was that
Jay: I was 18
Gwenevere Abriel: How much were you drinking
Jay: God, I'd say probably two fifths a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you have to have an eye opener.
Jay: What's that mean
Gwenevere Abriel: You wake up in the morning, you have alcohol.
Jay: Yeah, sometimes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, there's so this is going to be the cage questions, please just no question and response so endorsing I opener anyone ever say hey do you need to cut back and you got kind of annoyed with that. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's endorsing that response. Did you ever try to cut back and we couldn't do it.
Jay: No. Well, I just stopped. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any DTS, we got the shakes if you stopped drinking. They didn't have that eye opener know duties.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You ever lose time any blackout.
Jay: blackout. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many in your lifetime.
Jay: By 20
Gwenevere Abriel: Last one.
Jay: Oh, it's been
Jay: 15 years
Gwenevere Abriel: last drink of alcohol.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any alcohol.
Jay: November.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or more like a year.
Jay: Not just a couple drinks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: 2019
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, and let's go to
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, let's do
Gwenevere Abriel: That infinity. A lot of people abuse religion right by Vance, things like that. So what about you, you ever play with that.
Jay: Oh yeah, whenever I was in the boys school
Jay: There was people that were on them and I used to
Jay: Abuse my segments.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you were you diagnosed with ADHD or a DD now.
Jay: The ADHD.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you know the name of the medicine that you were prescribed and we're abusing
Jay: I believe it was Admiral
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you actually like the effect of it, aside from you're abusing it if you ever used it as prescribed. Were you able to focus
Oh,
Jay: Really, I can't remember.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's fine, that's quite all right. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's include some long term memory impairment in the
Gwenevere Abriel: Psycho social history section. Okay, so we got we're going to get into the boys home boys school, a little bit. Let's go back to the
Gwenevere Abriel: How old are you, does this put the recreational use of the Adderall what ages are we talking about
Jay: Or
Gwenevere Abriel: 1213 1412 to 14 812 to 14
Jay: I'll say
Jay: Will say 12 to 17
Gwenevere Abriel: Out of 17 recreational use about are all
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay um you currently prescribed it taking it. When was your last use
Jay: Um, it's been since 2006
Gwenevere Abriel: Last use 2006 yeah okay and then the other. We got a stimulant just crystal meth meth what. When was your first use of that.
Jay: Oh 2001
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what was the progression from there immediately daily and how much would it look like
Jay: Your daily crystal meth.
Jay: I started shooting it up three months after I started using
Gwenevere Abriel: Setting it up three months after years
Gwenevere Abriel: And at its worst, how much were you doing
Jay: To three grams a day take three grams a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any arrhythmia heart problems, any, any medical events from now. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any
Gwenevere Abriel: severe depression. After you would stop using
Jay: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That later. Yeah, you really depleted your don't mean reserves in there.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this your drug of choice.
Jay: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when was your last use
Jay: Oh, December.
Gwenevere Abriel: 7 2018
Jay: Not this year 19 sorry
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see, let's let's go over some other stimulants. How about powder cocaine first use progression last year's
Jay: First use. I want to say was
Jay: 2006
Gwenevere Abriel: Progression
Jay: Um, I just used it like on the weekends to party with
Gwenevere Abriel: One line or more
Jay: Will say enable
Gwenevere Abriel: And last year's
Jay: Well, it's been years God
Jay: I want to say 2008 was my last youth. So, okay.
Jay: 12 years
Gwenevere Abriel: Crack pursues
Jay: Crack same thing was cooking.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you, you just use them.
Jay: They went hand in hand.
Gwenevere Abriel: In hand use as well year 2006 used on weekends last us 2008. Okay, so we've covered the stimulants. Let's go, or to the
Gwenevere Abriel: If you don't know what this word is then I've already had my answer lifetime use of bar bid shoe with
Jay: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, first use age.
Jay: Oh, only 14
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to make sure you're not confusing it with benzodiazepine the not the same.
Gwenevere Abriel: Data than x is a benzodiazepine I'm asking you about a bar Intuit, they're hard to find.
Jay: Which ones are the barbiturates
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're going to put a pin in that at this point, I'm going to go with denies lifetime us. So let's go to benzodiazepines is your first use of anything like Xanax el presidente clonazepam is your first use
Jay: Oh 1414 okay
Gwenevere Abriel: And was that prescribe
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, and what was the direct progression. After you try that.
Jay: Oh, I'm pretty bad. I went to using the I would do 90 in like three days.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you know the milligrams of those with a one milligram little pills are now.
Jay: Some of them were someone where the little blue ones. Most of the time they were either the wider the yellow school buses.
Gwenevere Abriel: How long at that amount. How many months or years really doing that amount.
Jay: About a year.
Jay: Yes.
How many
Jay: Probably about 10 of my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and last use of a benzodiazepine
Jay: Well, I'm on Wellbutrin so
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay. So last use
Jay: here in a minute after this meeting.
Gwenevere Abriel: I forgot to tell you I do this weird thing. I have this air condition. So, it
Gwenevere Abriel: It's like I'm under 20 feet of water. The only way I seem to be able to clear it is I can't have to tilt my head so I just try to ignore you can always laugh at me I look like a goofball. But nonetheless, I got to do it. So I apologize for that weird stuff. I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll be confusion.
Yeah, I, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. I don't know this to be benzodiazepines. So that's why I'm a little confused. I see it as an anti depressant.
Jay: It causes me to be dirty for the iOS.
Jay: Yeah.
Jay: For either Basil's or barbiturates I can't remember which one
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta, I gotta check that out because I don't know. I don't understand. Let me just see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Their motivation is exploring different drug classes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't you know ketone antivirus depressant something's off here.
Hope you
Gwenevere Abriel: Around. Yeah, I mean, we use this a lot with our folks that are aggressively trying to stop smoking so great for that.
Jay: It works for my anxiety.
Gwenevere Abriel: is fantastic.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I
really confused about.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you're saying. So we're going to have to get a little bit more education on that because I don't know that to be true. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, which is not to say that the metabolic pieces in the body. Leave the same effect as some other substance and we can have a full sturdy, so we can get into that another time. But for now I get back into this assessment before I lose too much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I want you to drop that notion of Wellbutrin being event. So just for now. Okay. Because I don't know it to be so. So let's go to last use of
Gwenevere Abriel: It would be clonazepam I'll press a lamb or brand names onyx
Jay: Oh, it's been a long time. Maybe the year
Jay: 2004
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Beautiful. Let's go over to things like hallucinogens as your first use of drones.
Jay: I was 16
Gwenevere Abriel: And us at CES 16 every weekend every month, every year, what
Jay: Just once
Gwenevere Abriel: didn't like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. Lifetime use one on one time a 16 a PCP acid.
Jay: Was 15
Jay: Are used it one time at the skating rink.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is 15 first and only use acid.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: No endorses not liking it. Okay, what about things like whippets
Jay: Oh, I was doing air duster.
Gwenevere Abriel: What he doing air duster.
Jay: I was 16
Gwenevere Abriel: For how long you do that.
Jay: Summer, but three months.
Gwenevere Abriel: Last time you've done that.
Jay: Oh, it's back being
Gwenevere Abriel: Asked us back age 16
Yeah.
So no, but they're duster. Okay, so we'll just call this huffing
Gwenevere Abriel: Buddy, buddy. Boop. I know I'm forgetting something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What am I forgetting totally some huge thing, right, what am I forgetting what else you do
Jay: Get everything people we alcohol.
Jay: Enemy
Gwenevere Abriel: Coke craft Bezos listen to Jen's you got the air duster business. Oh wait no fat, no for you tonight lifetime, you know, if you think something else. Feel free to interrupt me
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's go to age of first treatment and the level of care. It was sometimes it's residential, which means you stay overnight.
Jay: Um, I was putting a treatment foster care. Whenever I was 13
Jay: So I guess that was my first treatment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you're there. In fact, so foster care and you're in treatment. Are you in like a boy's home type of thing.
Jay: Kind of there's like three or four other
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it was the therapist coming to your home every day, every week, every month.
Jay: Oh, we would have to go see him twice a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Twice a week for how many months or years
Jay: It was supposed to be every week for six months, but I ran
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay. So you really got the treatment for one month how long
Jay: About a week.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Much
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Okay. All right.
Jay: You want to talk about first full fledged
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you did just fine. And what are the next one. So that's about 13 and now let's let's hear about another treatment episode. What age.
Jay: I was 14
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you getting inpatient or outpatient
Jay: Inpatient
Gwenevere Abriel: Or how long we there.
Jay: Was there 90 days.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that was to treat depression or was it there for the math.
Jay: Yeah, for the drug drug abuse.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, and you went to grow up. You had an individual therapist. Okay, good. And did you, did you really care for that you stay for those 90 days.
Gwenevere Abriel: Successful discharge. Yeah, you get outpatient care after that.
Jay: Oh, as soon as I got out. I started messing up
Gwenevere Abriel: And then use you relapse right away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And next episode of care.
Jay: Oh well next after that I went back to the same program again. But I ran the second time.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the name of this program. Do you know
Pathways
Gwenevere Abriel: Pathways go back and you went there, but you stay for how long.
Jay: I was only there two days and then I ran
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right, next one.
Jay: I went to
Jay: You know, we're campsie or Blanca is
Gwenevere Abriel: No, but you know, we're both the return is
Jay: It's a juvenile it's it's a juvenile prison slash inpatient rehab.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got it. So it was
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot facility.
Jay: Yes, it was like a reintegration center. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How long were you there.
Jay: 17 months.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you clean in there then mean you're clean
Jay: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Jay: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see, get out of there and any other treatments.
Jay: Yeah. What does a halfway house co
Gwenevere Abriel: What here. We had a halfway house along be there.
Jay: Oh, this is 2008 I was there for two months. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You probably asked you to go to a or na
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and where you actually playing. Yeah, I was.
Jay: Well,
Jay: I started, I was I was using marijuana
Jay: Not, that's why. Yeah, I got kicked out.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's still a mood altering substance. We'll put a pin in that thought for now. Alright so 2008 got it halfway house. It's not treatment, but so that's okay. I still want to know about it. And there were 2008 so we're up here in 2020 what happened, what's been going on in there between
Jay: go to prison.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and that's the heroin story right
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you get one more time. How long have you been
Gwenevere Abriel: Out of prayer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so last prison.
Jay: Like I just got out November I was out last year on parole, but I was only out for a couple months.
Jay: I went back for a year.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's testing dirty that ends up pulling you back in. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Any I think I heard one hospitalization history for an opioid overdose. So there's one hospitalization. Please transcribe the year
Gwenevere Abriel: 2019 or 2018 there was a hospital stay.
Jay: 19 years
Gwenevere Abriel: 19 hospital stay overnight.
Jay: I was there for like eight hours. It wasn't overnight, though. Okay, yeah. Then they let you go. So they
Gwenevere Abriel: Realizing it's it's substance induced so so there was an admission 2018 for opioid overdose.
Gwenevere Abriel: Care of suicidal intense
Gwenevere Abriel: And discharged within eight hours I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: An A. A. You ever go there.
Jay: I have it recently, but yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're gonna sponsor.
Jay: I had one back in 2009 and 10
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll take please transcribe his history of membership or participation and fellowship and did have a sponsor at one point please transcribe his statements.
Okay. Nicely done. Let's go over to
You know,
Save it. Just in case it wants to.
Be horrible.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, next section.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go to
Gwenevere Abriel: Just so I know you're going into work about nine o'clock today when you go in the source soon as we're done.
Jay: Yeah. As soon as we're done. I'm gonna get dressed and go work. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Have you ever been diagnosed with and I already heard the ADHD, um, any other psychiatric diagnoses or conditions.
Jay: Of PTSD.
Jay: Bipolar depression, anxiety,
Gwenevere Abriel: When were you diagnosed with bipolar disorder.
Jay: Oh, I want to say 2006
Jay: Ever since I got my medical marijuana money bipolar has been in shape.
Gwenevere Abriel: Psychiatry saying yes to it that
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any schizophrenia in either of your maternal or paternal history that's mom dad side.
Jay: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Any suicidal attempts or suicides on either side.
Jay: Not that I know ne
Gwenevere Abriel: Ne psychotic disorder personality disorder substance addiction on either side.
Jay: Oh, my dad's an alcoholic and then that's
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I think there's another section will be able to get into that I might remember what you're telling me though any obsessive compulsive related disorders anywhere in the family history.
Jay: I have obsessive compulsive
Gwenevere Abriel: You've been diagnosed not
Jay: You're not doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we'll look into that. Any hospitalizations, aside from what we've talked about
Gwenevere Abriel: For psychiatric trying to take your own life with lethal means or admission psychiatric delusions or hallucinations dissociation, anything like that. Okay, so no psychiatric admissions.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you currently
Gwenevere Abriel: Being a listen closely because this, this needs a full attention here. Are you currently being seen by a psycho therapist, aka therapist, aka counselor, aka psychologist.
Jay: Yes.
Jay: Dr. Brunton.
Gwenevere Abriel: How often
Jay: Oh, it's been once a month.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you walk in the office. You talk about
Jay: My medications, my medication dosage is
Gwenevere Abriel: Is brushing your prescribing doctor
Jay: Is my prescribing psychiatrist. Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so you go in there for maybe 1520 minutes
Gwenevere Abriel: Or
Jay: 20 minutes. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're not. There's no conflict if there's another person or you're talking about
Gwenevere Abriel: Your history of thoughts, feelings childhood processing childhood anxiety trauma developmental trauma working on self esteem, depression, anxiety, that's going to be me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to get real therapy in here with me. I don't do counseling owners are going to tell you how to live your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know that, but we will do psychotherapy. So the fact that you are alone good lighting phone set aside even better if you happen to have a laptop, because some of the things we're going to do. You might actually be standing
Gwenevere Abriel: And moving some of them, you're, you're going to probably if I, if you want to do the technique. This recently I've had some good success with the end are so you're going to be receiving therapy from me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Saying very deliberately because a lot of people have opened probation pretrial release cases. And that's a part of their required treatment, you're getting it.
Jay: You're getting week
Gwenevere Abriel: Once a week for 30 days you and I'll talk you may fall in love with it and be like, Oh, it's so great.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you'll continue that. Or you'll say, Okay, let's back it up to every other week. And that's right on time. That's basically what most people are doing. But these first 30 days and you're going to be immersed in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's only because of scheduling and I couldn't do it with you right away. But now it's going to you're going to be seeing me every week for 30 days will be going to group every week for 30 days we'll reassess after that. Okay.
Jay: No.
Jay: Now would I be able to get an email from you to my appeal standing and I'm doing this counseling.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to talk about that later beautiful question, do it all the time. There'll be a release will get that done. Absolutely.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's let's keep going here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Age of first use of
Gwenevere Abriel: Suicidal ideation. You may not have carried it out. But when, when was that first sort of starting for you.
Jay: Probably 16
Gwenevere Abriel: And did it just stay as a thought or did you try and carry it out.
Jay: Well, I just stayed as a thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: So ah 16 suicidal ideation denies plan intend to inaction.
Gwenevere Abriel: Another time, perhaps, was there.
Jay: Is just the ones last year. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I guess it's 2019 we had the two suicidal attempts through heroin. Was it or math overnight.
Jay: Heroin pills and alcohol.
Gwenevere Abriel: Heroin short acting opiates, I'm assuming, and alcohol.
Gwenevere Abriel: Were attempted suicides.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that was in 2019 yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you thinking about wanting to end your life today know when was the last time you had those thoughts.
Jay: Well, I was in jail. Sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so client denies recent current suicidal ideation intent plan action.
Gwenevere Abriel: homicidal thoughts intent plan action in your history tonight. Nice lifetime.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about self injury. Some people don't always want to die, but they see this self injury that cutting or burning as a way to release that psychic pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you ever do that.
Jay: Tattoos
Gwenevere Abriel: Some people say that they they feel like that's what that is. Okay. So tattooing for you. What was the tattooing largely occurring in custody.
Jay: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that was like, I'll do that. And I can focus on that pain and not not this sort of anguish inside right alright so so tattooing endorsed as self injurious behavior primarily occurring in custody as a means of psychiatric relief last time you've done that was when
Jay: My last tattoos.
Jay: July.
Gwenevere Abriel: July of 2019 90s last engagement in said activity July 2019
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Okey dokey, let's get back into the template. Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let me hear now. So is it safe to assume
Gwenevere Abriel: Psychiatry
Gwenevere Abriel: Dr. B. Are you t
Jay: To him.
Jay: We are you in to win.
Gwenevere Abriel: Brunton.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes prescribing Wellbutrin. How many milligrams and for how many months have you been taking it.
Jay: Oh 300 XL for three months.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you taking it as prescribed.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: It has pleased, your depression.
Jay: And anxiety.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is effective in bringing relief to symptoms of depression and anxiety.
Gwenevere Abriel: I might in at some point, ask for release of information. I don't end up calling very often. But if there was an emergency, be nice to have that on record. So we could coordinate the more of a team approach, the better for you that we're all like on the same
Gwenevere Abriel: One. Any competing treatment objectives.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, are you on any other psychotropic medication ones that question, depression, anxiety,
Jay: I take
Jay: Rim Ron
Jay: And so quick. So, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much tremor on
Jay: 15 milligrams
Gwenevere Abriel: Daily
Gwenevere Abriel: Daily. What's the other one Suboxone very much
Jay: 10 milligram
Gwenevere Abriel: Any
Gwenevere Abriel: He's all three months on duration.
Jay: Yes, well I've been on the Zyprexa in
Jay: Ram run for about two years.
Okay, got it.
Jay: I wasn't able to get the future back until I got out of prison.
Let's see, we got here. How we doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Just cuz hard to get all these questions, done. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Done, sir.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what about
Gwenevere Abriel: You think we've all I've already heard from you. Maybe it was a blending of psychiatric treatment and substance use treatment, basically, you've already told me, and it's been captured in the substance use section.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So we already were real clear, I'm not going to hear later on. Oh, I'm already seeing a counselor. I'm not going to hear that right
Jay: Well, they, they have me checking in. I go to groups, I have to for probation and parole. Um, I haven't had a counselor. I was an I. O. P which is intensive outpatient counseling.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Oh, I would have liked to have known about down with jump back to the old section here. When were you going in I. O. P. When was that
Jay: I'm sorry, that was just the beginning of the year, January.
Gwenevere Abriel: How long did you go
Jay: About a month. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Successful discharge.
Jay: Know I dropped out. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it because you wanted to use or for some other reason.
Jay: I was still using um but me in the cancer we we didn't see I die.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh ok that don't know
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, any other that's a real treatment episode, I definitely intensive outpatient residential it's all, it's okay because memories can be kind of messed up from from from drug use, too. So can you think of any other treatment episodes.
Jay: I mean,
Jay: My whole life I've been an outpatient. Pretty much, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Um, but I took that one cuz I told you something pops up, and I can go back in there and I dropped in that intensive outpatient for about a month. Okay, so what
Gwenevere Abriel: We got what we got. God, I've got, I feel like there should be more in the psychiatric port.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nope, that's just the deal. Okay, let's go over to family history where you adopted.
No.
Jay: Well thankful
Gwenevere Abriel: These same questions they're going to be the same questions for different people. So you're going to recognize them.
Gwenevere Abriel: On one point I'm going to share the screen with you because most people describe the quality of our relationship is good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bad but that isn't what I'm looking for. So I'm going to show you a list of words and you'll go yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah Nano. Yeah, yeah, no, yeah, no. Okay. We just need a few of them just to capture it. Now your mother's living or deceased.
Maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Any psychiatric physical illness or substance use.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know,
Jay: She's getting old.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now they don't have a drop down mark for that 100 mama. Okay, how about quality relationship. You remember share my screen with you. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're these words are the words we're going to use it for. Father, we use them if you got some siblings. We're going to use it for relationships. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just tell me the ones you like quality relationship with Mother. These are positive ones. I'm going to be shifting to negative one shortly adequate close consistent fulfilling
Jay: Will say close
Gwenevere Abriel: Functional intimate loving reliable.
Jay: And this is all with my mom right yes I'm will say consistent
Jay: Intimate what what no no will say loving not intimate, sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Liable rewarding satisfying stable supportive or symbiotic which I can explain. If you don't know it.
Jay: Reliable. And I thought I knew what symbiotic me
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: You and your mommy talking like 10 times a day, she does. You do you do she does like eat together wear the same clothes like you like way too close.
Jay: No, I'll put I'll put stable and supportive
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Beautiful. Okay, we're going to shift over to some other words abusive avoidant boring.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, the audit controlling distant
Jay: Oh, controlling a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: exploitive fragile inconsistent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know neglectful parasitic she's uses your money, your place your clothes, your food punishing stale dramatic unfaithful.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Unhappy unhealthy unsatisfying unsupportive
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okey dokey father living or deceased. I know he's an alcoholic. We'll get there in a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ruby. We're going to go in here so we'll go alcohol. Do you know if he had any of these you recognize that
Jay: I don't know if he did, but just from knowing him. I probably the bipolar disorder.
Jay: Probably the depression.
Jay: impulse control.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any psychiatric you, I don't think. And you didn't say any of these just did you know if he had any
Gwenevere Abriel: Trauma history was he ever abused molested in his life. Do you know
Jay: That I don't know. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, you did great that lots of good information there any physical illness that you know of
Gwenevere Abriel: Aside from I'm growing old.
Jay: He has asthma.
Jay: Allergies
Jay: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's good quality adequate close consistent fulfilling it if you don't think it's any of these positive ones will switch over to you.
Jay: Know, none of those let's go here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Abusive avoid it.
Jay: Avoid it
Gwenevere Abriel: Boring chaotic.
Jay: DST
Gwenevere Abriel: Controlling exploitive
Jay: exploitive and
Gwenevere Abriel: Consistent neglectful parasitic that'd be he'd be like trying to live off you.
Jay: Know neglectful
Jay: Or stale.
Gwenevere Abriel: When any punishing
Jay: Know,
Jay: Traumatic no
Jay: Oh, yeah.
Jay: Probably traumatic. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm faithful. I'm happy and healthy and satisfying and supportive
Jay: Supportive
Gwenevere Abriel: Wasn't satisfying
Jay: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it happy. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it healthy
Jay: Probably. I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Think so I won't put it, but I'm not feeling it there. Okay, now I want you to be thinking about the quality relationship between your parents.
Jay: Oh, they don't they don't have a relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did they ever
Jay: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it ever abusive. What is wasn't ever controlling was it close but
Jay: You abusive chaotic controlling
Jay: I guess it would be neglectful parasitic punishing traumatic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Audio okay we I think we got it you have any siblings.
Jay: Yes. Okay, I'm gonna kind of get you out of here. Let's go to
Stop share
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you did great.
Jay: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not done. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so, remembering those words, though. That's the kind of thing. When I say quality. Those are the kind of words. And if you don't want to pull this stuff you can be like, Yeah, we were close. It was supportive and it was healthy or something like that. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you don't, I can always pull the list back up. Let me go back into that section. Let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: A sibling. So let me hear
Gwenevere Abriel: How many siblings do you have
Jay: I just have a little sister.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, little sister. How many years have you older
Jay: Oh, two years older.
Gwenevere Abriel: And remember those quality relationship words.
Jay: I'm
Jay: Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: You guys close, just to
Jay: Kind of, yeah. Yeah. We're close our relationships healthy
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay Close and healthy relationship. Please transcribe
Gwenevere Abriel: Any psychiatric any substance use any medical illness with little sister.
Jay: Oh, she has rheumatoid arthritis and fibromyalgia.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is rheumatoid arthritis and fibromyalgia.
Jay: Yes, three years you're younger. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any other siblings.
Jay: No, that's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see what else is in this section, we don't. Great.
Who's coming in right after this.
Sometimes I only need a couple extra minutes, get it.
Jay: Let me see. I do have something right after
Gwenevere Abriel: You said no no no psychiatric notice substance use.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Have you ever been married
Gwenevere Abriel: No client denies ever being married. Okay. Yep. Nope that's it for that section. Let's go. Next one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now we have, okay, where we born
Jay: portentously Mexico.
Gwenevere Abriel: Please transcribe portales New Mexico. When you were in utero when your mother tells me stories about the pregnancy wasn't normal forceps prolong premature for longer normal
Jay: Oh, I was two days late
Jay: I WAS SUPPOSED TO BE A CHRISTMAS, BABY,
Gwenevere Abriel: Born
Gwenevere Abriel: Two days late. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Milestones you ate on time crawled on time talked on time walked on time.
Jay: Yeah, she just said I was very angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, here we go. Here's temperament. I'm anxious easy or cranky.
Jay: cranky.
Gwenevere Abriel: cuddly extroverted fussy.
Jay: extrovert policy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Happy introverted overactive
Jay: overactive
Gwenevere Abriel: Sad shy withdrawn.
Jay: Withdrawn little bit. I'm going to put
Very angry.
Jay: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any childhood fears.
Jay: Fear of death.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's things like this anxiety regarding losing a parent bad soil and catastrophic event worried compulsive symptoms. We've got any races increases fear of being alone feeding problems nightmares nightmares night terrors.
Jay: Like tears. Yeah.
Jay: I have nightmares nightmares. You do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, did you when you were little.
Jay: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some sucking temper tantrums.
Jay: Temper tantrums.
Gwenevere Abriel: You ever have anxiety socially rigid really didn't want to be around people.
Jay: People, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you like school
Jay: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you experience. I'm going to show you some words sometimes this kind of moves things along quickly for folks.
Gwenevere Abriel: These are just words to pick from school for you was normal outstanding just like school kind of disorganized dyslexia hyperactive in attention language problems listing problems math problems. Problems waiting turn reading problems.
Gwenevere Abriel: Social programmatic problem speech sound stuttering any of that.
Jay: Was normal everything was normal.
Jay: That's great. So you'd like school
Gwenevere Abriel: Talked exactly right and problems. None of this
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, with your ADHD. None of that showed up. I am surprised.
Jay: Well, I mean, I did get in trouble, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Well then, isn't that toxic. Would you get in trouble for talking
Jay: For being the class clown.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go with that. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: My friends close friends fuse friends. He's by friends.
Jay: Many periods.
Gwenevere Abriel: Parent behavior normal or they argued frequently in your presence got violent in your presence got on there and private we or we you grounded.
Jay: And either. Yeah.
Jay: I was always girl you
Gwenevere Abriel: Get with a bell him of the fez slapped respect.
Jay: It was the bill spanked
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Hey, that's not what you said.
Gwenevere Abriel: That get out of there. I won't let me get out my memory. I gotta do this. There we go. spanked
Gwenevere Abriel: Other. How else were you discipline physically
Jay: Emotional bullshit.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That calling
Gwenevere Abriel: Like you will amount to nothing. You are a loser. That would be emotional bullshit.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: No abuse, neglect, you endorsed it earlier we ever felt bullied at school.
Photos
Gwenevere Abriel: Physical abuse. We've got by a family member, yes. Friend partner stranger, all of them. One of them.
Stranger.
Gwenevere Abriel: And sexual abuse that's like when you were younger, you touched it appropriately.
Jay: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: If there's like some fuzzy memory about it. Okay, that's a no. What about
Gwenevere Abriel: Sexual a survivor for being in prison at that happen. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm okay. Now when you were a youngster normal or was there animal cruelty.
Gwenevere Abriel: We cruel to animals. Did you Benji getting fight set fires force anyone to have sex.
Fights
Jay: I ran away a lie.
Jay: I stole
Jay: From school weapons.
Gwenevere Abriel: You brought a weapon to school.
Jay: You know if there's anything else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to close this. We did pretty good. I gotta tell you, let me just show you what we have left to do, I'm going to get into things like like right here, education,
Gwenevere Abriel: Employment be talking about relationships. Doug about if you got kids what your hobbies, a little bit of legal and then I'll jump into goals. We can probably get this done for you if I gave you a quick call because my next client just jumped in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably get it done like on a call if you have a lunch break. Today, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we just do it over the phone. What time. Yeah. What time
Jay: Let me check my calendar. Hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just going to text my client and tell her that I'm just going to be a sec.
Jay: Oh, whenever your next best time is
Gwenevere Abriel: What about at
Gwenevere Abriel: To
Jay: To yeah I mean, call me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll call you. Um, so I'll just say call. And if it's not, at that time, it'll be the end of my day which is for
Jay: Okay, for
Gwenevere Abriel: It may end up being four o'clock. I'm pretty pooped by then. But so just put call J. Okay, real quick let's schedule. Our next appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like to meet with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your groups are on Mondays. Right.
Jay: Oh,
Jay: When we see. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: They like nine o'clock or they would like a nine with Dr.
Jay: Yes, maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'm going to meet with you on February, this will be
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not sure if I can stick with this timing I might be able to other got one client that used to have that every week. I'm not sure what's happening with him but Fridays at seven in the morning will be your spot. So our next appointment will be February 28
Gwenevere Abriel: Your medication will be bridged to these days, people just kind of need that motivation so that they don't blow off therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll be that way for, I don't know, a month or something and then once you show that you know you got good by end and we won't be doing that anymore. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because mobile app. I don't need to talk to her. I already got my meds.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that tends to change over time. When you see the benefit of therapy. But for now, that's what we'll do. So your next
Gwenevere Abriel: Your next service is February 24 at nine in the morning, get into group pop in there a few minutes before and then you and I will meet still have to go to virtual clinic, but we'll meet February 28 at seven in the morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we can slow down. Now, of course, today I'm going to be giving you a quick call at two or at for a real quick just like run through some, some of the remaining questions.
Jay: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Great. This is a rough session. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, later today.
Jay: All right, thank you. Quinn.
Gwenevere Abriel: And oh, is the medication bridge to today. Should I be telling Dr. Solomon, you were here.
Jay: I yeah probably
Are you out.
Jay: No, no, I picked up. I got like three more days, I think. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You won't make it all the way to Monday, though. So, so that's a problem. I'm going to let them know you're here. So my guess is there was some bridging going on. I'll let him know you made it today. Okay. Okay.
Jay: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get to go ahead and log out. Bye.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Christina Haro: Good morning. How are you
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. I have to send a quick message to Dr. Solomon regarding my other clients. So let me just hit send. OK.
Christina Haro: OK, that's fine.
Alright.
Very sure there's the H1 Aragon.
Gwenevere Abriel: opening it up for note for us.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something else going on on Monday. Huh.
Christina Haro: Oh yeah I'm yeah I got my son to school. So everything worked out great this week.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's registered part time or full time.
Christina Haro: Well, full time.
Christina Haro: I got him into school because he never got his high school diploma.
Christina Haro: But what they're offering at the at the community college is that while he's doing his GED. He can go to to college classes. So he's doing the dual thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dual enrollment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, what's so exciting. You must feel so good.
Christina Haro: Yes. And it was his idea. So I thought great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you didn't have to convince them of anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: No idea. All right.
Christina Haro: I took him over there. And once he saw the girls. He says, you know what mom, I think I want to go here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, typical boy.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's so funny. Whatever it takes, man. It's get that education in
Christina Haro: I know I was so proud of him. He's see. Yeah, he's so excited.
Oh, good, good, good, good, good. Okay, let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, let's start with just some sort of updates on
Gwenevere Abriel: Your overall
Gwenevere Abriel: Mood over the last week. Has it been pretty steady ups and downs kind of tell me how you've been feeling
Christina Haro: Emotionally, it's been pretty steady. I didn't get since I've been keeping busy and, you know, things are going good. I've been. I've been. Actually, With all this going on with my son. I've been feeling really really good. This is, I tell you, I had, I had a great week. I felt really good.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how many hours of sleep. Are you getting
Christina Haro: Um, I say bye to seven hours. Okay. Most of the time.
Christina Haro: Yeah, I think I've been doing. Okay, I think I've been sleeping better these days than I was before.
Gwenevere Abriel: One of your goals is I want to be happy and not bring baggage.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So one of the things that I've invited you to do as a task and activity is to engage in really really regularly engaging in the box breathing that I taught you, or grounding in the five senses.
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of people forget that second one, because the breathing is such a great one. They forget about this other technique.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember grounding in the five senses. You remember how to do that one.
Christina Haro: No, let's refresh that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we'll do
Christina Haro: Actually I left my little journal in the car so
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it just outside
Christina Haro: Yeah. Can I run and get it now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to use the ladies room. It's perfect timing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Seconds.
Christina Haro: That's fine. Let's go ahead and do that.
Christina Haro: Be right back.
Christina Haro: It's not even in here I have everything else written
Christina Haro: I'm thinking it's in my other book.
Gwenevere Abriel: I forgot who we were talking about
Christina Haro: We're talking about the five senses.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah. No, that's okay. We'll do it together. In fact, that will use it as an activity today for for emotional regulation will just do it. Just do it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's really a very handy one
Christina Haro: Let me, let me grab a pen. So I can write it down. This time afterwards.
Christina Haro: Okay, okay, okay, okay. Alrighty.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I won't share the poster this time.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the overview is what you do is when you're in a sort of activated state you're angry, you're stressed, you're sad and if you don't want to be as activated. A lot of people use this or like, not only to regulate like not feel those feelings as intensely, but also if you start to if
Gwenevere Abriel: If part of your history is distance
Gwenevere Abriel: Is dissociation.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a way to get you grounded back in your body.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I'd like you to do is think about typically there's there's some dynamics going on with your older daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or maybe there's we started to talk a little bit. You didn't give any details.
Gwenevere Abriel: But there's still some shame inside, there's still parts of it. You don't want to name it. You don't want to talk about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It brings up some sort of negative feelings for you. So just in your own mind when she to think about them sort of bring them into your awareness at picturing dynamics with someone
Gwenevere Abriel: Just pay attention to what happens to your body. If there's a charge or a shift that happens when you start to think about that event or that memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what happens
Christina Haro: Um, my heart starts beating
Christina Haro: Fast
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so this is what you do as soon as you. So we're going to do the activity. Now open your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you through your eyes. I want you to name as many colors, shapes angles. Anything you can right from here just list them.
Christina Haro: Um, it's tan brown mid looks bumpy it it looks hard
Christina Haro: It has some soft, soft sides.
Christina Haro: Um, but I don't know. It looks like a piece of cake.
Gwenevere Abriel: And close your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Once you to tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: as many things as you can, what you hear.
Christina Haro: What I hear here. Yeah.
Christina Haro: Anywhere I can hear the cars outside. I can hear the garbage trucks picking up the garbage. I can hear a car honking I hear my my cat meowing A DOG BARKING
Gwenevere Abriel: And with your hand just kind of grab an object and describe the tactile what you feel temperature texture changes in ridges bumps. Anything that you can feel
Christina Haro: What's the temperature. It's warm
Christina Haro: It's it's a big mug. I'm
Christina Haro: Movie was no bridges. It's soft this have religious
Christina Haro: It's a funny shape. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and now I want you to inhale through your nose and pay attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you smell.
Christina Haro: I smell coffee.
Gwenevere Abriel: Taste.
Christina Haro: Um I taste coffee and then they taste the
Christina Haro: The film I had this morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent. Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Real body scan and see how you're feeling sort of scan your body, maybe from your feet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Up to the calves and knees and through the thighs.
Gwenevere Abriel: To the seat bonds for your bottom meets the seat up through the back
Gut
The chest, the shoulders, neck,
Had a face.
Gwenevere Abriel: And compared to how you started with a racing car. Are you doing
Christina Haro: Right, like calm. I don't. My mind's kind of blank. I'm kind of a instead of thinking of what I first started with them, kind of like thinking about my warm coffee.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and
Christina Haro: Other things, you know, just calm.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's why this is a useful activity because it's actually a difficult thing to do, to name to focus on just information coming through the eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's not labeling it not a cake, not a rock and I know you were tempted to do that, but you just want to describe it. Not with labels, but as much as you can't just data coming through the eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just data coming through the ears. Just data through the nose just data through taste and I forgot the tactile so typically that tactile, the one with touch you can put in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I think I do it either the second or the third one. That's a great one, because you can. It's rough. It's bumpy, it moves to jag it
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, you can just sort of sit here and for some people. This is such an important part of how they regulate they keep some they keep something in their pocket.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of times people have very stressful work environments and they're dealing with a very toxic sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: supervisor or manager and they need to be able to stay in their truth and not get angry or cry or get so distressed dissociate when they're with this person, that this is a way for them to get back and they can feel this in their pocket.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they can be feeling it going over it right with their finger and good not getting lost in. Oh my gosh. I'm going to lose my job. Oh my gosh, I'm gonna lose my job. They're not up here. They're back in their body. So it's pretty useful. So I really want
Christina Haro: I have, I have a friend negative, but I have a friend that goes to therapy right for other things, but she she has a rubber band around her wrist and when she things get stressful, she pops the rubber band.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's, um, that's
Gwenevere Abriel: Something that's something
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not one I use. I don't like pain to be
Christina Haro: Anywhere.
Christina Haro: I guess it helps it helps her go. But that's you. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can see that it would indeed. So let's go to
Gwenevere Abriel: So dynamics with your son are awesome feeling really good about that. What about for a while. Was your daughter living with you are now she's down the street and things are good.
Christina Haro: Law, she actually called me.
Christina Haro: Yeah, long to me.
Christina Haro: That was going to tell you that she called me to tell me that she loved me and she was sorry
Gwenevere Abriel: What she says
Christina Haro: Yes. Is that she was sorry
Christina Haro: For what well just because when she left from here. She was very angry. Remember I told you she kind of blew up and the whole hormonal thing and
Christina Haro: She cussed me out left and right, and she disappeared. I never saw her again. She actually left with her boyfriend and I really never I didn't get to see her. I didn't even know where she went
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let me just check on who we're talking about. Hold on, let me see my
Christina Haro: older daughter Kareena. Okay. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here we go. Daughter Kareena Kareena called out of the blue.
She called
Gwenevere Abriel: It something, huh, when was this
Christina Haro: Um, Sunday, and you know it's funny, you know, I look how do I tell you I KNOW WHY SHOULD CALL ME BECAUSE boyfriend left her and he's in jail now and he's out of the picture. So she
Christina Haro: I guess she's feeling lonely and she she realizes she made a mistake and you know I told her you know honey. The best thing you can do is make your life over there and try to make your life if you need anything, call me and she said, Okay, mom. And that was it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So not a lot of processing of old wounds. But at least there's this contact again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, and she has. Is she the one that has the brand new baby and the 10 year old as well.
Christina Haro: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what that means to you, does that mean there might be more access to your grandchildren.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bring it up at all.
Christina Haro: No, I didn't. But you know my granddaughter would always come and stay with me like a week out of the summers.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh.
Christina Haro: And she was away so I'm hoping it opens up the door to where I can have her this summer for a week. It'd be nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wouldn't it be nice.
Christina Haro: Like oh yeah well
Gwenevere Abriel: Very cool. Well, that's a nice surprise.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it sounds like you have in the back of your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: That there may be the possibility of some manipulation, possibly, but maybe not might just be that she misses you. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Let's hope so.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, either way it's nice to have that access because I know you want to hang out with your grandkids.
Christina Haro: I know. Yes, and I do worry about her, you know, I really do.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you worry about
Christina Haro: Her being out in the street and she's always she's never made good decisions, you know, she just
Christina Haro: She's like a 30 year old in
Christina Haro: She's like, Yeah, she's a 30 year old with the 15 year old mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we talk about a topic that might be a little uncomfortable for you.
Christina Haro: Should go ahead
Gwenevere Abriel: Gets uncomfortable. You can just say, I don't really want to talk about it. Okay.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oftentimes we ourselves as you've shared with me develop compensation will you substance use, or maybe we will act out sexually or will get in fights or
Gwenevere Abriel: Will become gamblers or something will act out in some way, we often do it because there was something missing in childhood and you've shared a lot around just your mother just was not not available to you in a lot of ways, coming up and
Gwenevere Abriel: When you look the other direction. When you look at you in the role of parent
Gwenevere Abriel: What are some of your areas that maybe would have liked to have done more of, or maybe some things you would have liked to have done less of as a parent.
Christina Haro: You know, I look back. Well, now that I've gotten older, you know, my kids are older, you know, I get a lot of feedback from them right and and I do look back and I see that
Christina Haro: I
Christina Haro: I never ever spanked them and I wasn't a mean parent like to the standards, the way my parents were real strict and I think that if I
Christina Haro: I look back at. And I think that if I would have been a little more strict with Kareena and not let her get away with things. And, you know, the problem was that I didn't want to be mean. I didn't want to be my mom so
Gwenevere Abriel: He said if I was more strict with Kareena then what
Christina Haro: Then she would have had better values. I think if I would have guided her better and been a little you know just more discipline, she would have
Christina Haro: Taken a different road.
Christina Haro: I think I let it. I think I let her do too much of things she died just gave her. I just gave her the road. Let her do whatever she wants. And I think if I would have been more strict as her and that were discipline.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. And do you think that maybe there was a little more disciplining with your son, and with with your other daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, you.
Christina Haro: I really, I don't know, I just I just look back and I think they were different times in my life. And maybe I was like changed as I got older, I was different. I don't know. But you know, I look back at it. And I think, you know, Kareena was a wild child, you know, um,
Christina Haro: She just like we didn't go to school and the local police would always drag your home.
Christina Haro: And, you know, it was funny because I look back at it and I think
Christina Haro: If, if I would have been a little more strict with her and discipline her. There was a time where that local cop was bringing her home all the time and you know he finally told me I remember him so clearly Dale. His name was Dale.
Christina Haro: And he told me, You know what, Christina, if I was you get the belt and flipper one because she's very spoiled you let her get away with too much. He says, and you need to put your foot down.
Christina Haro: And then I look back at that and I think, you know, she was like 15 and still I didn't discipline her. The way I should have, you know, I didn't school to discipline her. I didn't grounder
Christina Haro: I do want to be my mom, you know, I didn't want to be my mom to where if I don't get her or I scolded her I discipline her, I was going to go overboard and end up abusive like my mom. So I held back. Okay, I get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was going on. What was your romantic relationship like during those formative years of Kareena
Christina Haro: Um, then I was I was I was married, I was married, but not to Kareena his father.
Christina Haro: I was married to
Christina Haro: My two youngest father and he raised them he raised the to my two older ones, and I was married them, you know, and we got along great man him, you know, he never he never disciplined them. He never spanked them you know yeah he scolded him, you know, verbally, you know, whatever, but
Christina Haro: And they they always told me, even now, even after we got divorced. They've always told me that he was the person that I was like okay
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Specifically, what did you do is
Gwenevere Abriel: Your other daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: That felt like you were offering more discipline. What do you do
Christina Haro: Um,
Christina Haro: Oh yeah, with Kareena you know when she went she went out and stuff. She, she just
Christina Haro: Would go out and solicit come home late, I would not get mad at her and with Clara. It was different and maybe because Clara was different, you know, now I look
Christina Haro: You know Claire's different Clara didn't fall out. She didn't have boyfriends. She didn't go out to parties, she she was more of a homebody
Christina Haro: And maybe that was the difference between the two. I really didn't have to do much there.
Christina Haro: But
Christina Haro: They do tell me that the two younger ones that I probably just let them run around too much and they saw it, I guess, you know, the two older ones ran around more than the two younger ones.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your son is so talking about fun
Christina Haro: Yeah and you know one of those places, but not when he was younger. You know, now he's a little older, you know, he'll be 21 days here, but when he was younger. He wasn't, you know,
Christina Haro: They didn't. They, they might be my two younger ones just weren't
Christina Haro: In holy
Gwenevere Abriel: Friend, who are you talking about, I guess I don't understand. There's another
Christina Haro: Clara, Clara in one right. They just, I don't know. They just never went to parties and stuff. They didn't run around. But my tool of seven Alderson which Kareena and her brother more team.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're talking about more to it.
Christina Haro: Yeah, I don't see those Kareena and my team. The only a year apart. She was one may 9 and one may 11 so they were so close in age that everywhere they went. They were always together always
Christina Haro: If she if she did school. So did he
Gwenevere Abriel: So in reflecting this, this is your deepest regret.
Christina Haro: What you might regret that I did not discipline them more
Gwenevere Abriel: When you hear from from your children. What is their biggest concern.
Christina Haro: When I hear from my two younger ones, the biggest concern is that
Christina Haro: You know they they
Christina Haro: Worry. They were we, they worried about
Christina Haro: The enemy of
Gwenevere Abriel: Any of them i i'm not saying any particular one just just just assume all of them are one.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: What are they saying to you, what's their concern.
Christina Haro: They tell me, you know, Mom.
Christina Haro: I don't know what we're gonna do a party now because they worry that she's going to end up worse, you know, in the
Christina Haro: The things she does. And they worried that they're going to end up having to bring her back and we're going to have to take care of the kids because that's what usually happens
Christina Haro: We end up taking care of Kareena because she's like a little girl, you know, she just you have to take care of her. And they know that we're going to end up having to bring her home.
Christina Haro: That's their biggest concern because even though they lover. They don't want to take care of her.
Christina Haro: And they know that that's why Korean is calling
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you like to do with Kareena. What do you think you're capable of doing as far as what resources you have to offer.
Christina Haro: Oh, I wouldn't, I would love to bring Kareena home and take over, but
Christina Haro: It would not work. I've tried it already. I've tried it so many times. There's countless times more than I can count on my fingers.
Christina Haro: And Kareena will be the sweet loving little five year old girl. And so tell me, Mommy, I love you mommy, I love you and she'll be the sweetest thing in the world, and she'll be like that for maybe two, three months and then all of a sudden
Christina Haro: She's just
Christina Haro: Told her colors and things will start going down hill.
Christina Haro: I would love to take care of Kareena if she allowed me, but she she just she's she won't
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me a little bit about what you mean by baggage. What are you bringing to the family relationships.
Christina Haro: Um, I've heard from my kids I guess sometimes when I'm
Christina Haro: I guess you know everybody has a bad day and stuff. And I, my kids will tell me cuz you sound like grandma or oh my gosh, you're going to get older, you're going to be just like grandma.
Christina Haro: Because they think that maybe sooner or later I will maybe
Christina Haro: I don't know, maybe they worried that I'm gonna blow up one day and I'm really gonna be like my mom, you know, they tell me that I'm so much like my mom, but not in the bad ways
Christina Haro: But
Christina Haro: I just think I bring a lot of what
Christina Haro: The emotional abuse my mom instilled in me. I think sometimes
Christina Haro: I feel like if I'm having a bad day. I kind of
Christina Haro: Have a short fuse and sometimes I feel like my mom.
Christina Haro: That's a lot of the emotional baggage. I agree.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so it's the you're handling.
Gwenevere Abriel: A frustration.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then they recognize that with the way you handle it. They recognize that and they've seen that in your mother. Yeah, and that's that's the part you don't like about you.
Christina Haro: About me
Christina Haro: As the baggage. That's the baggage and I've seen it. And I think I'm because my first husband, which was Kareena Martine father he abused me for years, you know, and I think in my next relationship.
Christina Haro: I
Christina Haro: Brought that along with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what you mean by that.
Christina Haro: I dis
Christina Haro: I felt like I had to pick a fight because I think to me. I, in my mind, fighting was normal. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So in the next relationship you you saw yourself almost listening and picking a fight.
Okay.
Christina Haro: I didn't never did. He will he wasn't abusive. That's one thing about him. He was not abusive. The only thing that ended our relationship is because I caught him with another woman. So that was the end of that I could not handle it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there might be. I think that
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe being able to
Gwenevere Abriel: Have so the two things that I've taught you so this thing. We just did today. Can you picture actually being able to use the the box breathing and grounding in the five senses when
Gwenevere Abriel: You get frustrated with someone. Can you picture taking time walking away and doing one or both of those activities to bring your distress level down. Can you picture doing that.
Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, we'll get into some more about that. I think that's, that's a big piece, you've really labeled it. I have a short fuse and sometimes there's this almost
Gwenevere Abriel: That findings normal that that raised voice and arguing, that's a normal thing. That's what you were raised with there was all this, the history with your with a husband and so there it's showing up again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I know you were putting some effort into I'm just touching base a little bit on some of your goals that you wanted to get a job and how you doing around that.
Christina Haro: I actually, I got
Christina Haro: I had actually apply for this job because I always did up the I'll do the caregiving. Right. So I had a place with this job, two weeks ago and
Christina Haro: I applied on I'm on Craigslist. Right, I answered an ad. Anyway, let's put it that way.
Christina Haro: And I had talked to this man I had texted him and he texted me back and he told me, You know what, for sure. I want to talk to you right
Christina Haro: Yes, it's I'll be giving you a call. Well, that was like two or three weeks ago and he never called me so I figured, oh well, he found somebody else. Well, yesterday.
Christina Haro: He left me a message and he told me, Christina. He says, are you available Sunday. So I'm supposed to call him back today, are you available Sunday. He says, because I want to talk to you about taking care of my mom and I said,
Christina Haro: Wow, I waited three weeks. I thought he had forgotten about me. So I'm all excited. It's really good pay its private pay really good. I don't have to go through the company.
Christina Haro: And it's really good. It's an eight to five job Monday to Friday. So if the hours are great. I thought it was just great. So hopefully I'll get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how for drivers for you.
Christina Haro: I'm not bar, probably not even not even 10 miles. So that's a pretty good distance here in the city. I'm not even close.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we may our, our appointments may change a little bit. We may move to, you know, 630 or something to create some people what they do is they get ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: They and then they do the therapy in their car. Sometimes they do it in the residence home. So we'll have some flexibility in there, we'll see if we can carve out a way to make that work for you.
Christina Haro: Yes, that's why. I'll let you know for sure to see what pans out. But I'm all excited
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh, yes. That's so great and and you had kind of given up hope on them.
Christina Haro: Yeah, I had given up hope.
Very cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you ever use with any of your children.
Christina Haro: Did I ever use what they did with children.
Christina Haro: Not with the two older ones that my my using started in my 30s. So that's what I was talking about. I mean, it was, it was my using started with my second husband. Yeah, that's when all that started
Gwenevere Abriel: You ever use with your children.
Christina Haro: In front of them by them that they saw me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, with them.
Christina Haro: Oh, no, no, no, no, no, definitely not had to. No, no, no, no, no. And they've never seen it. You know, it's funny because I had all my kids. And we talked, and I was very, very honest with them.
Christina Haro: And I sat them all down. And this wasn't too long ago this was probably when my daughter was still here. We talked, and they all told me the same thing.
Christina Haro: Mom, if you would have never told us that you were that you did anything we wouldn't never know says, because we never saw you drink, drink because I never drank it for them, we never saw you drink and we never saw you do anything. This is for you, admitting it now, we would have never known.
Christina Haro: It was a secret part of me.
Christina Haro: But to us with them. No.
Christina Haro: And I probably would never do it even if I became you know that other person. I probably would never do anything like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you mentioned that you're, you have a daughter, that's in this program.
And yes,
Gwenevere Abriel: Which was she dependent on on opiates as well.
Yes.
Christina Haro: And because she didn't doesn't it with me. You know, I didn't really know what was going on. I figured it out after a while, and I figured it out on my own.
Christina Haro: Okay, so, um, when I discovered this program because I started looking for something for myself right so
Christina Haro: I started looking around and I had told her. Right. I told her as a suggestion I just tried to, you know, I didn't
Christina Haro: Ask her if she wanted to and I didn't tell her I just told her I was going to do it.
Christina Haro: So when I found this program. It was, um, I was a really, I thought, really, really low. That night, and it was probably like two in the morning when I was talking to an intake worker with this program.
Christina Haro: So the next day I told her about it. Right. And I didn't go through with doing what I was going to do. She ended up doing it first. A gave her early
Christina Haro: And she decided to go ahead and then to the program. So she entered the program before me.
Christina Haro: Which is good because I suggested it to her and she did it.
Christina Haro: And I told her I was really proud of her. So yeah, we try not to talk about stuff, you know,
Christina Haro: I just Howard, are you doing, you're counseling, she tells me. Yeah, but that's about it. You know, we tried to just
Christina Haro: Not talk about, I don't know if it's a good idea. I don't know if that's good or I, I just think if she wants to talk about anything. She'll talk to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright so today I'm kind of touched on a lot of different areas.
Gwenevere Abriel: Reviewed grounding in the five senses and I'm encouraging you to use at least through three to five cycles of that diet for medic breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you start when you hear your voice getting elevated or you he feel that heart rate beating fast. Just say give me a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've always got time. We've got time to self right if we've got time to yell at someone. We've got time to calm ourselves down to bring that heart rate down. So give that a try. See if you can remember to do it. A lot of people need reminders, put some stickies up
Gwenevere Abriel: Put something posting it around. Let everybody now I'm trying to work on my my temper, a little bit. Want to do this breath work want to remember the grounding in the five senses.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then let's think of something that you can tell yourself. Let's work a positive reframe so picture. The last time that you lost your temper.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just hold it in your mind. Maybe it's with your son. Maybe it was with a daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you
Gwenevere Abriel: Believe about yourself in that moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: These are difficult. These are difficult to get to. So if you can't find the I Am, or I believe I am statement I can help you if you, Jenna, just kind of give me some free association about what's what's going on in your head.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here. Tell me who were you upset with
Christina Haro: Um,
Christina Haro: I was upset with my son because
Christina Haro: This was about. Probably a week ago when he
Christina Haro: He left with that he left with his friends and and then he told me all I'll be right back. I'm just going to be out like an hour and he didn't come home and all night and he didn't come home to the next day, about three o'clock in the
Christina Haro: In the evening, so I didn't see him like for 24 hours and I was calling everybody I was I was worried and he wouldn't answer the phone. So when he got home, I was upset.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here it is. He's missing. Don't you don't know where he is. This is a hard thing to get to. So go nice and slow. Christina.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's missing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't know where he is can't reach them. I'm worried
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you believe about yourself at that time.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can finish the sentence, I believe I am
Christina Haro: I believe I am a good mother because if I wasn't a good mother, I wouldn't worry
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm being a good mother by worrying.
Christina Haro: Yeah.
Christina Haro: I didn't know cuz my son, sometimes tells me you know when mom. He says, I see my other friends and you know they don't have much of a parent either one or the other. He says, and you he says when things happen and I don't come home. I know you're always worried. And I know you love me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now when he came home, let's look a little further. When he came home and I'm assuming, correct me if I'm wrong you yelled at him.
Christina Haro: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the part you don't really like about what you did.
Christina Haro: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's fine, right, I got it. That's the part of your history, you kind of wish that had dropped away, but unfortunately that's what's normal. That's what you were raised with so showed up again. Okay, hold on to that while you are yelling at him. What's the belief about yourself.
Christina Haro: I believe I sound like my mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you sound like when you sound like your mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Finished the sentence, I am
Christina Haro: I am
Christina Haro: Abusive
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want to be thinking about yourself when you are when you love your son, and you are concerned, trying to track him down and you finally see him.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want to be believing about yourself. What, what do you want to be thinking about who you are.
Gwenevere Abriel: No longer I'm abusive, but I am
Gwenevere Abriel: The opposite of that. Let's try that.
Christina Haro: And just said that. I just want to be thinking that and
Christina Haro: I don't know. I don't know how to put it
Gwenevere Abriel: It's hard, and these are really difficult. Don't, don't be too hard on yourself. These are hard to get to. So, in the absence of right
Gwenevere Abriel: I catch myself I'm yelling. Oh, I'm almost helpless to it. I'm being abusive, but I can't stop it. This is all I know. Like, it's almost unconscious. It's happens like automatically
Gwenevere Abriel: But what we're doing right now is we're going to introduce some choice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because this breath work will give you time to remember. Other things. What I'm hoping that breath work and grounding in the five will do is help you remember this new thing that you can be thinking, instead of I'm abusive.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to be telling him, things like I was worried about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I felt scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because that's what worry is I'm scared something would happen to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Now, if you were talking like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What might you believe about yourself. If you were saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so worried, and scared. You didn't tell me where you were going.
Gwenevere Abriel: I stayed up till three in the morning looking for you. What might you believe about yourself.
Christina Haro: That I'm a good mother. Damn, I'm normal mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a good normal mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you see how the way I spoke is a choice and the differences is that I use I statements.
Gwenevere Abriel: I own my own key. He didn't go out just to make you miserable. He went out because he's his own man zone person.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if the only way that you show good mother is by worrying see reinforced it. You got to worry you worry, it's, it means you love me. Well, then there's that worry again. But that's not the only way to show you're a good normal loving mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's other ways to and another one is when he does come home, you can be honest with him. And you can say, I was so worried and so scared. Something might happen to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um I stay up late and I lose sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you tell me, can you leave me a little note.
Something like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever been able to do that where you say, I feel, and it's not the word like it's not the word that that you say a feeling we're right after it two very distinct way of communicating. It's an if statement I feel scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: And afraid and worried that something bad has happened to you. And then we zip it and then we let this person your son, say, Yeah, mom, I get it. You know what I need, I need to be more respectful and I need, I need to tell you, I need to leave a note, but I'm afraid you're going to yell and
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me not to go
Christina Haro: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's the change for you is this. You breathe.
Gwenevere Abriel: You remember I'm a normal good mother. I love this boy and you use an ice statement.
Christina Haro: Statement.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel and the tricky bit and I know that I'm making this sound really easy, but this is hard. Most people don't remember to use an emotion word they instead. So you put if you're writing something I feel the big blank space and you've put in some of the big ones scared angry lonely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Happy afraid jealous embarrassed.
Those are big ones.
Gwenevere Abriel: Only an emotion word you it will not work. And most people don't even know they're doing it, don't do it right in front of me. I feel like, Nope, you lost it already on the third word I feel that nope lost it on the third word
Gwenevere Abriel: But on your note can't say the word like can't say the word that
Christina Haro: Word.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's subject to opinion, there's no there's no debating that you were scared. There's no no that is actually what was going on. But instead what most people do they start telling a story.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is, such as the debate now you're in this this spattering sparring match with your son about whether that's our logistic thing that. No, it's not. This is how you felt
Gwenevere Abriel: And it said what it is, is it's expert pressing how we feel versus showing
Gwenevere Abriel: Most people the way you were raised emotions were shown we throw something we show it by yelling, we show it by passive aggression.
Gwenevere Abriel: Showing it by hiding things breaking things ignoring that people love withdrawal. That's a show that is most people's upbringing.
Gwenevere Abriel: The tricky bit and most people don't teach this, and they don't know it is that it's more efficient, more intimate and kind to share how you're feeling and not show it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So instead, you say, I feel scared when you don't tell me where you are and I worry for hours and hours and hours.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you shish. We'll go over that a little bit more later, but we're at the top of the hour and I just wanted to introduce a couple of those things, see if
Gwenevere Abriel: You try it and it works. We try it and come back and tell me a story like I tried it, but tell me what you actually said because probably be where you snuck in like
Gwenevere Abriel: We, like I said, we still got in an argument, and I'll listen and you'll, you'll end up using having said the word like instead of I felt scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you dropped out of school.
Gwenevere Abriel: Period and then you let the listener talk. Okay, okay. It's hard to do, but that's sharing
Gwenevere Abriel: And we have every right right these are the people we love and care about. We want to say
Gwenevere Abriel: And if it's with your older sister older daughter right later on. This is not just saying it would be something like, I feel remorse. I feel deep sorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: For some of the way that I may be under disciplined. I didn't show you consistency and couldn't grow and see with a follow through on on things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Period. I feel sad about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I'm trying to, it's a different way of communicating. That's very direct and you're owning your own emotion.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not acting out and trying to show them. Well, this is how I feel like I'm going to show you. I'm going to hurt you. The same way I was hurt like that's that it doesn't work over and over again.
Christina Haro: Showing
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't work.
Christina Haro: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But sharing does
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's um let me see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you
Gwenevere Abriel: Seven open on
Gwenevere Abriel: A on the one Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. All right, we're going to follow it up really quick with that but on on Sunday after you get that interview so free text me if something's changed. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, and then regarding the texting. Is it because I'm sending emojis. Maybe that it's not going through
Christina Haro: Yeah, I think so.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's on me. I'll just use regular words, I'll say confirmed or yes
Christina Haro: Okay, we'll
Gwenevere Abriel: Get through right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Alright. Alright, sweet. Okay, well I'm so excited for you. I hope it's a good fit. Remember, you're interviewing that guy too if you get a creepy yucky feeling that's not your gig, then right i mean remember to I don't I don't want you in an unpleasant environment.
Christina Haro: Okay, no, but
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't want to add more stress.
I know
Christina Haro: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You bet. Is there any medication attached to today.
Christina Haro: No, I'm fine until tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Breathing grounding in the five senses. I statements. See if you like that feeling of, I'm a good normal mom, see if you like it a little more
Christina Haro: Okay, I will. I'm going to try
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, see you later.
Christina Haro: Okay, bye bye. Thank you.